CEO Alastor, the acquisition case is already completed.
Why are you still working overtime?
It's fine.
There are other colleagues working late too.
Done.
Your project proposal is great.
If I were James Kevin Rowling, I'd give it a try.
I don't even know how to contact James Kevin Rowling.
Leave it to me.
I know her assistant.
We have an appointment set for tomorrow.
You both have worked hard.
Good luck tomorrow.
Yeah.
Just wait to see that guy guys come up in.
I just received a call from James Kevin Rowling's assistant.
He was really pleased with your reports.
He's going to collaborate with us.
That's great.
Why didn't you pay attention when you called her assistant
for half a month?
And now they just gave it away.
Well, it's obvious, obviously.
The assistant might as a man with two pearl extra assets.
It makes things easier for her.
It's a shame because the company's going downhill without the call.
What are you saying?
Enough.
I've seen their work, you with your incompetence,
spreading rumors and degrading these women.
You shouldn't have people like you in this business.
You're fired.